[Music]
welcome roll with it ships moving like to incense purple sky Prince Athena of
the night sky with the Frankie sense the true servant Mia the Sorceress root
Cutters like the Royal Oak wizard walks by with a purple cloak magic words and
the kiss of poison this little chick of beer I know she cast a spell on you with
me you'll be in Paradise spoke to the good thief on the cross next to
Jesus Dragon Venom Mysterion look into my eyes my good likes to party all the
time I'm a sex shooter shooting love in your direction
I'm a sex shooter come and play with my affections I stayed up all night so you
could feel all right with Athena making medicine the whole Rhythm Section was a
Purple Gang as the eagle CL here comes some purple rain latex get
them
high thank you teddy for that purple magic
welcome back to Lady Babylon so tonight we're going to kick
it up a notch I am going to give you the secret name of
Rome yeah this is something that I like to throw out there see if people can
find it inevitably they don't tonight on the back of my
words through the power of the messenger I am going to bring you that
secret sacred name you
will understand when you know
her fantastic um what do we have to do to get this place cleaned up we have to
bring in the fumigators right bring them in bring them in we've got to get this Temple
clean and let's call down let's pull down one of those Powers Here Comes
Hermes
[Music]
oh
tonight you've got a two-fold test there have been things planted in your way
that you will be able to pick up you will be able to hold those symbols and
you will be able to assemble the name now let's get going I want you to be
able to jump right into this because I know I know satanic congregation those
of you who have been through the initiation I know you will be able to find your way
let's do it shall we hit it hit that first one chewy fantastic who are we dredging up tonight this is gayen
everybody big shout out for Galen big shout out for gayen here we go oh my god
when is he second century anod Dominy he's the The Physician the body
physician some people call him oh of Marcus aelius and he's a big wig in Rome
baby oh God he knows his stuff he truly knows his stuff well thanks to one
Robert Lee in 2013 what did Robert Lee do Robert Lee
from Essex wrote a dissertation and that dissertation in Classics was a
translation of a work by by Galen oh fantastic what um
congratulations Robert this is the official Award of Lucifer
star and it's and you deserve it buddy you deserve it nice what did Robert do
he took a text that all the other classes ignore because they're you know it's it's Harvard you know what I mean
they're too busy copying of the things um uh so Robert and Essex put it
together for us oh Robert thank you so much thank you um there are a couple of
references uh that you will recognize who have been through the initiation um
we're going to that Dark Harbor right we're going right sailing right into it
oh God okay here we go let's just let's not hold back these people need their
their dope you know what I mean oh oh yeah you do let's see the first one and blow it up so tell us Galen tell us
Galen and by the way you you greeklings who are taking the Greek right now this is second sophistic second sophistic
this is not this what happened to Greek oh God it's so sad let me just tell you
this story what happened to Greek um it was so widespread and
successful that the common Instinct started drawing it down away
from what it had been the sixth and fifth centuries when it was at its height when there was power I'm going to
show you some Sixth and fifth century Greek tonight oh God makes me so happy
oh God love it I don't think that was the right word happy let's go um to the
text gayen tell us um he says look piso is this guy's name right or piso if you
want to modernize it um what is he doing he's got a son a very beloved Son and
his son happens to be um he hurt himself oh and who is this guy piso uh he's a
big wig you know one of those Knights he's got a position official position
you know uh his son he was going through an initiation and this initiation into
the Mysteries yeah the
her really of the Mysteries yeah um well he got hurt on his horse he got hurt on
his horse and gayen had to go treat him and uh he's he noticed gayen happened
and noticed while he was there um that his father was you know into the thcs he
had his thec Scrolls out you know what I mean he had a THC did everybody see in the news
herculanum R I told you guess what it
has that's the game we'll play guess what's in the library okay um and uh
what happens yes okay so um he noticed that he's reading these give me the next one he noticed that he's reading these
texts uh these Scrolls right and he says hey I noticed your interest in thec so
let me fill you in and so starts to talk to him and what we're going to trace
tonight is the use of the theak in the Julian Clan right we're gonna follow
Julius Caesar to Augustus right we're gonna go from Augustus to Nero we're going to go from
Nero to Marcus raus and his whole Imperial family they're all on
drugs okay now wait now wait remember the head of my department in my
dissertation defense said the Romans just wouldn't do such a thing when it
comes to drugs but it turns out the whole Imperial family is gayen says he's
supplying them this drug what is this drug it's a thec oh God what is a thec
by the way I've got to say um couple of interviews coming up one with General
Lee got to love it and another one with Hamilton and um
check them out when they come out but this is kind of the Bedrock of the
evidence that will push us forward so that people will start making the
connections and figuring out what was the actual history did you think it was
a guy that came out of the oh Red Sea and it splits in
half oh sit down atheist here we go are you ready go to the next one um what's
the source I'm bringing you now ready um are you paying attention because you
should be formulating the name for those of you who were in a congregation right
who are didn't just come to watch um here we go yeah oh God and what what's
going on here we're looking for the gospel the EP Angelia and some of you
say well look at that looks just like aelia which is the gospel yes that's our
context right we already got off the ship we're standing here with Galen every
drug combo has a
gospel yeah everyone has something that it does things that it cures
it's the gospel of Salvation and are these words
occurring occurring in the pre-christian you mean they're talking about gospels and christs before
Christianity oh my God you Boos thought you owned the world didn't you you thought it was all you oh my god there
he is Jesus welcome Jesus by the way everybody here should know that Jesus
was a snake wrangler and I don't mean
reptiles let's follow the poisons right everybody who's here knows we're here
for the poisons we're here to bring back that cult right we're here to show you
right here it is seeping in we're all necromancers you've come to the place of
necromancy run here we go go to the next one bring it up boom third yes oh
fantastic right here's your gospel people your what does this say in
Greek angon oh did you hear me use my diagma yeah
aelon oh sounds like a w love it when you say it the right way things happen
they use it in their Tech to make things happen do it with the pharmacy okay
let's see how they do it go to the next one oh what is this thing by the way this is the this is the the good
news of those salvation things that we
possess this is the gospel you mean the gospel was originally a gospel of drugs
you know it's hilarious to watch I'm sitting there with the Watchers and we're all watching and I tell them I
said I tried to tell them and they didn't listen it was backwards people right now
the Geniuses in the academic world right now are talking
about one two three drug were the drugs possibly involved in this right right
the very gospel is a gospel of salvation by
drugs it is a pharmaceutical religious event called a
mystery fantastic you just learned the Mysteries all those of you out there who
were evangelicals you just learned what the mystery was don't you love it now
Clues put together the name put together her
name she's that one with those Seven Stars put it together woo love it let's
go to the next one Nobody Does this right let's spoil this throw out all the
dope for the kitties look this is a big long one blow that up JY because it's so big writing's tiny yeah um oh this is
for people who were bitten right he says nobody who's ever bitten right um is if they have taken
the antidote immediately after getting bitten
um or if they had the prodot they the what they had the prodot you know you
can take these drugs all the time Marcus aelius did mithradates did and
unfortunately when it came time for him to die he couldn't poison himself because he had so many in him
circulating wow that's fantastic I love that I love that Cleopatra too Cleopatra
too that's what gayen talks about Cleopatra you know who she's in the line
of I hear it's was it poran I'm not quite sure but somebody checked that um
Cleopatra Cleopatra oh God she couldn't kill
herself says Galen right she couldn't kill herself
that whole story of this serpent biting her that's BS
right but what do we know happened um well we do know that she they found her
corpse with she'd bitten a bitten a chunk out of her
arm and applied a drug there that could
kill her fantastic she had two people with her there were two servants of her
yeah they'd rather die it was a a message gayen says to Augustus it was a
bird flipping the bird look both both I
and my closest advisors would rather
die than give you an ounce of what you're looking for you
pervert love it love it brilliant how did they do this Galen tells us the
magic is happening people Marcus rius is getting high all the time right and
everybody's noticing how are they noticing have you seen how good he looks have you seen how good he that guy
looks 10 years younger right and gon's like sh right nobody found out while he was
alive and he was giving it to his entire family says the whole Imperial
family oh do you understand and will you hear will you have ears to
hear right go to the next one that that reminds me we have more of that text oh
oh look at this um yeah yeah yeah so look gayen says um hey there's a lot of
panoria stuff going on out there what is that um that's when you you're doing it
he says for the money you're doing it for the money and
he says what happens the drugs inevitably get spoiled these are very
precise formula with upwards of 50 to 70 ingredients they're compounds very
complex with measurements specific measurements right plenty plenty says
it's ridiculous how small the measurements of these things get right oh my goodness so you got to
be careful man you got to be careful and so that's what we've got hit us with the
gayen says bring that last one back up again gon says look gon says look you know yeah yeah yeah and what happens um
they adulterate or they destroy whatever the they put something else in there and
cause a problem right you can't get it he said there's only certain people who
are in the no he uses a participle who we're in the
no good um go to the next one and by the way he says they do it just so they can
sell drugs to make money oh sell drugs to does that sound
familiar to you does that sound like something that well that's the air that
is in Rome second century okay but L know look we're not here for that we're
here to see this cult stuff right we're here to okay great a Augustus Marcus
raus Nero all on drugs all have their own formula you know Augustus had his
own formula I'm going to show it to you at the end right oh and the toxicon it's
the arrow poison people we're back there with there you guys all know that we've been here look we've been with these
cult Junkies you give me something new alond okay okay hit give me the next one here
we go look at this oh this is a oneliner right um so yeah what do we understand about
drugs well we know this thec has an amazing
capacity of an advantage for the body yeah yeah and it's can be taken every
day every day oh really that's is that what Marcus aelius is into um let's see
let's see oh we're getting close we're getting close oh God go go good um so
the Divine Marcus look what he calls him he calls him the Divine Marcus aelius
that you know most of us are not so lucky as to be declared Divine while
alive right now in Rome yeah Emperor dies boom
immortality right what do you think Heracles did why do you think they burned Heracles life did anybody notice
that right why didn't they show that on Disney they should have shown that should had a with his flesh coming off
right the poison drizzling down onto his skin yeah screaming his head off that
would have been the way to go I think Mel Gibson might want to do something like that um we get him to do a good
heracle uh yeah get next one yeah um people look at this
what do you use the thec for what do you use it for right um again what is the
thec it's this multic combo drug right whole bunch of ingredients um that
you're using daily yeah and what does it do um it
nourishes you it nourishes you yeah kind of in a
magical kind of way kind of like in Ambrosia Ambrosia you'll come out on the other side looking better than you do
now okay now I'm I'm I'm talking directly to my audience everybody
satanic congregation and anybody who wandered in is like oh God let me out
uh when you enter at this
level yeah you're finding something that is buried in Quantum space there's
something of the universe that's about to come out and reveal itself and you're going to poop in your pants give me that
give me that next one Ry don't don't defecate chewy don't let him defecate in the ship please yes please report here
with a mop yeah um what are we talking about when we're talking about the drugs I just wanted you to see that gayen is
very precise about you know each of the drugs has an activity or activ ities
things that add up to its Gospel of Salvation do you
understand the name of Rome keep thinking about it comes together yeah so
we've got the gospel right we've got the power and how things work in IGA right
all of that galin is considering and he's like how do we test this stuff
right well um you know if you're in the right position uh you use a person who's been
condemned to death right and then you get that person and you know you take
your Venom and you use your Venom and then you give them the anote yeah and uh you know if it doesn't
work no harm done yeah right because you're still
following Justice yeah how else you going to right
remember Cersei do you think she cared right no well so gayen says they've got
it to a science now with these thec drugs um they're balancers they're
antidotes for some of the formula on the other hand of the equation and this is
what nobody sees in galen's work there's a formula that you and I have looked at
satanic congregation and you know know it's dressed to Nero and you know that
in that is the Dark Harbor and the PMA Mayes the the potion of media the
communion the drug the black death um
that formula I'm giving you this tonight um because you can't
sell something is so precious the formula is mirrored the formula for the
Black Death is mirrored next to the thec genius of the way that andronicus
wrote it and a little bit headyy if you ask me yeah a little bit heavy he's you know he's showing
off he's showing off for his buddy Nero all right all right let's keep going
back to the text oh my mind um do you think they have name yet no I don't
think they do all right um yeah
so you can establish the Integrity of the usefulness of that
antidote right and we can do this this is where he says we can do
this if we you know we take criminals right who are condemned we can do that
or um we can do what you and I do is
not uh people with authority oh goodness I spilled all over Joey get us fire
extinguisher no we don't need a fire extinguish just a okay just leave it right there um we we need to establish
with authority that this man just spilled tea all over House's kitchen um
no bring that text back up and let's just keep working if we short out that's too bad uh um yeah so this is too
important um look at this it's those who have the knowledge of how these things
work right those are the people who can provide us with the proper curatives and
the um how to mix and how to make they're the ones that can do that but of course they are the ones who have those
ears to hear right those who know he says it's those who know give me the
next text next text boom let's blow that up oh fantastic and what happens oh yeah
yeah we all know that the greater part of kingship right is that common
salvation that we are all looking for is everybody looking for salvation it's not just the Christians right who um want
and need salvation it is the Pagan
World um before the Christian world that gave the Christian world that drive
isn't that nice look it's all backwards a bunch of druggies the gospel is
actually a drug mechanism isn't that nice it's like the
it's every evolutionary biologist wet dream right I feel everything is wet in
here right it's amazing it feels like we're in a cave did we did we just
reproduce the Cave of the nymphs I think Pythagoras that dirty creep is around
here somewhere where'd he go you know what that was I think that was the Ghost of Pythagoras that
just spilled my tea it's disgraceful go to the next one love
it you needed some relief didn't you sometimes it's too serious is that the next one F yep no that's the next next
one after that good chewy excellent and oh yeah yeah yeah oh
I this is for okay this one is just a smash paradigms yeah just to take a take
a sledgehammer to the folks who think they know everything now remember um Dr pagels will tell you that
women in Antiquity you like that huge general statement like you know they're
all one thing um women in Antiquity uh didn't do anything but stayed inside the
house and did their domestic chores which first of all just sounds funny on the surface doesn't it you know it's
like that sounds like something somebody made up who maybe didn't know so much
yeah no it's weird so dedicated to those who say such foolish things and don't
know here's a little just a little evidence from Galen look pull up that
Galen yeah look at the top here um look at the name that's on the first line
it's the sixth word in right Aran right Aran who is this oh who is
she what does it say about her oh it says everybody talked her up everybody
talked her up she had a reputation if you know what I mean yep yep yep what'
they talk her up for what they talk her up for make it big they talked her up because of
what because she was a better philosopher than anybody around by far
and she had a knowledge of Plato that nobody else had
had yeah yeah um wait a minute women don't get educated they stay
inside bull yes your image hey hey P Les Dr
pagels your understanding of the past does not reflect the evidence so I'm
sorry Lucifer wants his money back give me the next one oh did you feel that
that was a little bit of an ARA did you feel that and everybody's like oh did people feel that ARA it went out it went
out from us oh I'm gonna give you one more and then I'm gonna purify again are you ready oh God yeah there's all sorts
there's all sorts look these things differ I brought you this because I want I wanted you to see that the powers of
these drugs differ and their uses um are complex gayen is just he's
basically saying look this is the foundation of medicine he goes back and
he quotes hypocrates directly and he says look this whole drug thing this is
the bomb this is what makes everything work this is the energy of the freaking
Cosmos now do you know why the mystery Right is coming from this group
right listen to the science that's behind it right listen wonderful bring
it up and
next look here people people look at Christ I thought you know what we've
been saying Christ here and Christ there so much let's just bring the Christ in
and look here we are with the Christ and notice in parentheses gang um Greek gang
that it's from Rio and that's great we all want that we we all know what that means in its oldest form it means to be
stung by the gad fly we all know that wait what does it mean to be robbed in
used as an ointment and who who is it that it quotes
quotes escalus when escalus is writing about
Prometheus yeah the Savior oh my
goodness you know who's eaten his liver this is the thing you Knuckleheads
always leave out and you know who I am if I'm addressing you you know this is what you always leave out
you think you're so smart and you traes around you follow the clues and you oh you got the all the money and resources
in the world right to dip your fingers all the intelligence right there and you
never figure it out you never do bring that definition up again
please oh what is it that they always miss I don't know now he's got me interested he's got me interested yeah
um there is a savior who brought you you
salvation there is a savior who brought you salvation he
bore the wrath of God for you why why
did he do that that you may have ionic
life wait a minute when is escalus oh God he's Sixth and fifth centuries he's
at the height man this is like Mr Drama Oh
God go to the next one bring it in we're gonna bring it down to the root ready here we go here's
Prometheus and what's Prometheus telling you you know what it was you know what it was says Prometheus I'll tell you
what happened The Mortals were morons they
had no antidotes to any sort of problem disease that they had I had to show them
I had to show them what the ones that were the ones that you eat the ones that were the ones that you drink and the
ones that you christon does everybody see that on the one two three four fifth line down
christon you're not going to learn this in church baby you're not going to learn it because everybody there are
Protestant and Catholic alike follows a fairy tale an
unreality oh giving you the communion oh yes you know what happens it's magically
transformed it doesn't feel like it but it's magically transformed there you go
you're good come back next week yeah do you know what that was based on that was
based on a real Christ who was arrested in a public park with a naked boy at 400
a.m. yelling I am not a child
trafficker get this man his drugs get that man his drugs Jesus Christ Jesus
Christ bring him up there's a creepy Jesus there he is we know what your
Thorns are for you dirty dirty dirty
Christ it's lovely look at him he looks so I don't know that one kind of looks
goodlooking you know what I mean I don't know he I could hang out with him what did the AI understand that one that's
not Jes get that guy out of here that's not Jesus where is he we got one more don't
you of Jesus bring him in this is when they got the sacred name man this is
this is important no that's it oh yeah there there what he's got that's where
he's got the yeah okay let's go back to the textt these people are like look I'm
I got I got things to do let's hit it yep next one oh god um what is it people
now I'm gonna show you something you're gonna think it's from the Bible That's the trick it's not it's
not seeing they don't see hit the next
one and hearing they don't hear
do you hear what I just said I just showed you the Savior and I brought you the very words of the
Savior that is not from the gospels it's not from the New Testament at all it's
not even apocryphal stuff do you know what that is that's old
Greek when they created the Mysteries that
Jesus was a part of oh
Can you feel it it's starting to burn a little bit did you put some oil on that thank you sir let's go where's the next
one hit it chewy we're gonna get through this quick because they they know it's coming they know it's coming I was going
to purify him um look what what's John what's that you want to tell us at the time when Jesus walking around remember
when Jesus was walking around um there the thing that you call the Torah today
was couple hundred years old so it had enough time to saturate a
reading audience yeah and what does he say right what does John say just like
Moses he lifted up that ofan he lifted up that serpent in itoy in that
Wilderness yeah yeah so the son of man same thing right needs the same
right yeah fantastic did you think you could be a Christian did you came here
tonight you thought you could be a Christian without being able to drink the Black Death then you're nobody
you're a joke isn't that funny we look at ourselves in the mirror
humanity is a joke right we think we follow a fairy
tale we don't know who we are we don't know where we're going we don't know what kind of people we are and you know
who said that by marus said that in
Greek in Ides play his
Masterpiece which is an initiation if you didn't know the bakai was an active
initiation go get yourself turned on right now for those of you who have
picked up the name you'll feel when you do the name
you will understand the name name and be able to vocalize it but you won't you
won't because it's not in the name it's in the function behind the
name imagine if you had a wife or a mother or a daughter and that person had
a name that was the reflection of who they
are imagine that you're a reflection who I'm a reflection no
you're a refle no you are yes you are a
reflection through a black hole thank you MIT those somebody give
those guys an award for figuring out the crazy crazy reality that is not the
fairy tale it's beautiful though I love it it don't you like you you got a
problem with being a reflection I bet some Millennials have a problem with being a reflection go to the next one
I'm I'm sorry I didn't that was grumpy that was grumpy um here John give me a
little bit more in order that what so those who believe so look I'm telling you people look at the end of this line
do you see the zoan ionion zoan ionion what is zo
ionion oh don't you like makes me so bothered when I get the when I you can
feel it when you hit the right place in the Greek you feel it it's like there's power I love it what is that ionian it's
not Eternal don't translate that is is eternal we had a whole satanic
initiation on that everybody's like yeah yeah yeah you know keep going um well
that's what the mystery offers it doesn't offer tempor
life extension right into the Beyond no it
doesn't it offers ionic life don't you wish you knew what that was yeah I could
have given it to you we were by the well you know how you are we were by the well
you know there you were all I did was ask you for a bucket that's all I did give
me some give me some water yeah I'd have given you the Water of Life life have
you seen me with my
snakes Christ me Christ me and Christ those little boys who are your disciples
Jesus Christ you have boys as disciples Jesus Christ is walking around
with 12 children and finally gets arrested with
a naked one and you wonder what this is question number two
question number one for the first evangelist that reaches out to you the first Evangelical that tries to convert
you the first one you two questions for him now the first one is what's what's
that naked kid doing with Jesus in the public park at 400 am when he gets arrested what's going on yeah yeah and
yeah and the other one has to do with I forget who cares let's go on I'll remember in a second I got lost
there with Jesus in the garden it's so compelling it's the other thing you're supposed to remind me to it's the other
thing you're supposed to ask um Evangelical yeah there's someone that
offers you communion you know what I mean um because it all comes down to this right here right here Mark
16:18 yeah you're gonna you're G to take up the hobby of snakes you're going to
drink the thimon do you see that word the thimon look at that it's got two accents isn't
that nice I love it when Greek words have two accents it's like they got a little special o you know what I mean
like I'm gonna get I'm gonna get two pitches you know what I mean GNA roll
maybe a circumflex throw a circumflex in there love it um what happens they're going to drink these thoso and it's not
going to hurt them why are they going to be able now first of all that word thimon that's the word for a
pharmacological preparation a drug um
compound and what does it do it induces
death oh nice you mean like the black death like the black death Jesus says
you can drink the potion of media and not be harmed now for some reason for some
reason it's making me a little bit queasy you mean this this man this Man
From Galilee because of his Association his association with those
boys and those what are those drug using Magi that got involved what they give
him he was a bunch of money and it was a ton of drugs drugs and money can you
imagine Christians can I just can we reason for a minute together please brothers and
sisters come together I'm not your brother um can we just reason together
the man was given drugs and cash at his birth drugs
and cash by people who said they had seen a
star yeah they followed his star do you get it right right is that polyr no that
star is not
polyonics into that cult knowledge love it let's keep going by the way Marcus
aelius they say he was looking so good that people started questioning what's
going on and it didn't get out while he was alive but now the Emperors that follow it
there's a lot more they're a lot more Loosey Goosey with the with the theak you know what I mean and they everybody
said Marcus rais is looking great brah right oh okay great fantastic um gayen
did have to adjust his opium you know right Marcus Aus walked
around always on opium chronically on opium isn't that imagine that now I know
why the head of my department at my dissertation said the Romans just wouldn't do such a thing cuz nobody
wants to consider that they would be drug users these are the heroes of a lot of
nerds yeah a lot of history nerds oh God even those philosophy nerds
love Marcus raus did you know your your hero was chronically
stoned yeah yeah now the funny thing is gayen says you can mix these things
together and they will have negative effects that other ingredients in the
formula will mify right and he says you can even have a drug that has one effect put it with
another drug and it he says it will do the opposite of what it did
before Oh interesting that's some that's some sophisticated you know that's some
sophisticated chemistry and whatnot going [Music]
on
we bounced too close to that Supernova for a minute did you feel it oh God I
love it that you're here with me you know what I mean people don't realize you know you're there and you're on that
throne and you're boom traveling they don't understand it if you get pulled
over don't pull that [__] on a cop let's go get your driver's license
dummy all right give me that um yeah go ahead look people we look we can even
pull this stuff out of the what you call the Torah but is actually the sept in agent right look at this um what is what
does he say he says they have eyes but they're blind right and they have ears
but they're deaf now why is it what this is Isaiah I thought Isaiah was way back
dur thousand right couple Generations after Adam uh no um this is third
century and of course contextually right people come to you I know I know they do and they try to do
things to you and I've got dolls and you can show me where they touch you on the dollies but mentally I'm talking mental
dolles get your mind out of the gutter mental dollies and what they do is they
try to make you think that this text is totally different culture totally
different language than it actually is in so when you look at the language that
it's actually in it mirrors what's going on in the literature around it in the
thir century and what are they using in the third Century they're using that
expression you know um you need to have ears to hear right what does that mean
well you have eyes but you don't see you have ears but you don't hear right it
was not Isaiah who descended from Yan
Mountaintop right we'll get charl neston to play him again right it's the same thing as Moses right there he is and
he's going to give you this no [__] look at what's in the text what does the
text actually say well we see this reflected in the New Testament because
it's immediately preceding it people are reading this Jesus
Christ before he was arrested with a naked boy in a public park he was
quoting um C of sources and one of them somebody you you that were popular at
this time and one of them is one people don't even read it was kicked out of the cannon right Enoch right he's quoting
Enoch all the time he quotes Enoch more than anybody else you know what Enoch is that's the that's the book that talks
about the drug dealers right who were teaching all the ladies right why are they teaching the
ladies the knowledge the drugs well because you know you know you're a Son of God and you know she's a you know
daughter of men and you know uh that's the way the world works thanks Aphrodite
love it right otherwise you and I wouldn't be here this would be a void yeah thank you Aphrodite right they
understood that she's the mother of Rome right are you getting the name is
it gone first person in um wins a free charge up direct connection ction right
to Hell love it love it let's go give me the next one give me the next
one okay let's keep this thing clean yeah we know how the drugs work you know
we know the ways they work and what sorts they are I just want to let you know these are not amateurs right so
you've seen all I keep bombarding with all these drugs right that they're using that are related to the Mysteries and
these are the drugs that people told me I could not show you I could not show
you so give me the next one so that's my mission right here you go uh yeah look
at this end of the first line r
Petty oh God oh God look this is what he's gonna do he's I'm gonna tell you
about how these things are used right that's what this whole thing's about
right oh God but look at the last line
look what kind of drugs you Cano you can construct you can
synthesize you can synthesize the ones that are the best and these
thcs they are the best these multic combo drugs they're the best give us the
next one oh [Music] god oh yeah what is okay didn't hear and
then we're going to jump off here okay um look look look look look um gayin
every once in a while looks up from his scroll and turns away from his talking
about reason and you know um things that we should be able
to understand because we've come to conclusions based on our examination
evidence every once in a while he gets up out of that chair and he kind of reveals a little bit of his personality
and here he is you know and some people say oh it's pseudo G it's not again I'll let you people play with that I don't
care um um yeah there's as somebody who's did his dissertation on gayen see
this translation by the way this dissertation it's a translation and commentary I did that for my Master's
Degree under John Scarboro and it was a translation and commentary of gayen
black bile now I'll tell you just from having um worked enough Galen to
appreciate who he was um this Treatise is awfully galenic there's a lot for for
the 10 reasons that they may find that this you know he doesn't use the this combination of words as much you know
it's not in this Trea for some reason for all of those reasons there are 10 others for each of those that this is
genuine G Galen so um Robert Lee appreciate the translation commentary is
fantastic commentary is fantastic you know it's a great commentary it's a philologist commentary all of my
students it's a mustre okay um nice job um but the whole introduction on whether
it's pseudo G or again oh God now I'm not even gonna go there I'm
gonna follow John scarber and say no thanks go to the next one excellent blow this thing up blow this
thing up oh yeah yeah okay so look what
about the applications of these drugs right um there are some that have the
ability to for you to Ward them off right and there are some that will kill
you straight up right so the thec the only reason I wanted to bring that in it's a little bit out of context the
thec the um is there as that as a balancer it is not in and of itself a
treatment right they used it Marcus rius at least uses it like it's nourishment
right daily um making himself look so good and fresh right and being with it by the way
it also treats depression isn't that nice you can't walk around depressed all
the time if you have purged um that depression that diamon
that power if you will um if you've purged it you can't walk around with it
and that's what these drug combos are doing not just the thec on its own but
um the thec paired with its black death
and that's the one that we as people will be discovering now in the new
library that's what we'll be discovering is what it was that it was doing to you right
Hamilton says another 10 years um to get an AI that'll be able to put together a
scientific model of what all of these interactions are and what the big
picture of it is 10 years oh my goodness we're g to have to speed things
up I don't have do you have 10 years I don't have 10 years for this go to the next week no really what does the drug do right he
tells Nero he says you're you're going to be the source of this stuff right this is what gives the adamantine
Freedom you want to become Adam wait a minute I thought Adam was a dude in a story with a this
nope you want to become Adam why do you think Paul and Jesus were talking about
the second Adam why do you think they were talking like
that it the story and the text were appropriated so that you would think
like that when that's not where it goes to it goes back to what the atom
is what is that atom the atom is what the Dark Harbor gives you the dark harur
will burn off your mortality yeah yeah wow did we get some
people I keep I keep asking people how do we do this how do we get this right
if nothing else for depression right little bit
maybe I don't know next one Freedom baby what is this yeah right it's that power
that comes from the medwa and I keep saying this we talked about the potion
of the medwa in the past and I keep saying and I get a lot of questions about it so let me just straighten it
out right now um what is that that I'm saying um
medwa yeah that's the name that is the
title of a person in history that we all know very well through the Avenue of
plays through the Avenue of mythology yeah one woman who was a
genius when it came to putting together these
drugs yes she's the pioneer of the
christing let's look at her name really quick everybody ask me what is that medwa that you keep saying right medwa
who is that next one who is that oh God here it is here it is is made there here
it is in the Greek right made there hit me with the next one what is this made
there mean and people were asking what are the tattoos that's one of them
that's one of them but here I'm going to do some magic for those of you who have stopped paying attention for the name
you're going to lose it right here are you ready the Ancients called Epsilon
what you and I call Epsilon they call it a as they called Omron ooh ooh do you
see that little what's going on there's something wiggling in that
Yoda I see an opsilon what do I know about that Upsilon I know darn well that
that thing has a diagma it's got a diagma in it yeah in Greek there are letters that are invisible deal with it
go to the next one there's an diagma there hit the next one because it's look at the succession here look people the A
and the a are the O and the O so those of you who are sitting there will realize oh look they have a common
element in that Yoda and that oops Salon fantastic keep going give me the next
one oh there's one more yeah now watch this people I'm GNA give you the fear
I'm gonna give you the fear deos right when people ask me what what is God from what is Theos right oh n the
SP means this and that they're always wrong right I want you to get off of
your train and come to reality what is deos deos that's what you feel on the
inside of you when you know it's coming you know that train is coming right look
at who told us on the second line that's ammonius hey ammonius yeah nam's sake
love it look what's written in parentheses in purple right
dwells look at that second letter it's a diagma and it's sitting there hiding I
say medwa because that is the oldest form of
the original Christ and from her name we get medicine from her title we get
medicine the Medical Arts right you wouldn't be getting medicine without Med
you wouldn't fantastic go to the next one this is just it's just Linguistics it's
not Theory right it's just Linguistics think about the de or the
de yeah the dewa good hit me on the next one boom and finally look games let's
play some games with the DIA yeah what is that well it's
essentially the day what is those Romans they must have marbles in their mouth right I can't
understand them go to the next one I'm just kidding any of you Latin
people out there you know that Greek is smart did you pick lad because you're
[Laughter] not I'm sorry but you know it was been
years I've been waiting for that one since grad school okay what is this y ballon
oh God what's going on somebody's getting DED over there on the end right
somebody's getting overcome getting destroyed right struck by the
jaws of a of what of somebody who hurls
EOS a hurler of EOS what is a hurler of EOS it's that lightning baby it's that
poison when we talk about the purple we're talking the EOS and that's just
how they're using it in the ancient world so it's kind of I wanted you to see that yeah um same one yep yep and so
look these thcs they can treat you if the poison is coming from the source you
know whether it's a bite or whatever or a dude putting it onto an Arrow or right
what else if you to take the potion of
death look at look at the bottom line Patu and what kind of death is it it's
kuu it's cyanic it's Black Death the
thec is used in combo with black death so that when Jesus Christ you can take
that down we're almost done thank you people for staying so long I appreciate it tonight I love you guys I do I got
lots of love if you were here we we'd love each other in a group that sounded worse that sounded
worse why do you always have such dirty minds okay you just love people and not
have to cross that line you know what I mean okay let's go keep it PG for
goodness sakes they're already going to turn me in for something else they do every episode okay let's go um
yeah right right um what do you do look um what does it come down to hey Nero
Nero this is what we need you know get out stop you know that Nero went out and hunted people at night and beat him up
and he had a petorian group of Guardsmen who followed him around just in case things got out of hand right um that
blood thirst is coming directly from that black death and now you're beginning to hear
now you're beginning to hear it's coming directly from that black death and he says look you can take
somebody you can take somebody who has taken um one of these substances that is
the poisonous terrible right the one that's going to kill you right and um
I'll tell you what you do if you prepare this theak thing you're G to bring them a cup of Joy a cup of Joy you're going
to enter them into hilin right that's what we call the
theak right it is that place of extreme
Bliss right you're not gonna want to come back you're not gonna want to come
back um you can take somebody who is in the midst of that thimon that death drug
and you can give them this and you will walk them he says you
will walk them them to their bed you'll put them into their bed with joy with
joy that's the power and that's what gayen says in a couple of quotes before
that I gave you that's what he says is dangerous do you realize the
power of the cup of Lady Babylon do you realize it oh my God you can you can
cure you can bring people salvation
you can Christ you can Christ yeah you can
Christ we can do it right oh wow wow 10
years are you sure it's going to take 10 years hey satanic congregation I know you guys have brains figure out how it
doesn't take 10 years um we've got about one and a half left go give me the next
one oh we're going to finish up here tonight I love this stuff I love I love you people oh I'm so full of love
tonight can you feel it Chey can you feel no come on give me a
break yeah okay what's gonna happen you can lead them here's to lead them to
their [__] you can lead that's where we get our word Kus by the way um you can lead them to their bed right and they'll
be happy and they'll have an an aine on board look at that last word anod
isn't that nice oh can you hear that little Reflection from the Iota subscript right
classes don't don't know whether or not to leave that thing out or not
an I love it that's something in here makes me kind of like tickly um let's go
Caesar and give everybody the an aine um what's an anod oh sorry you
don't know first of all but it's some something that takes away your pain
something that takes away that stress and that weight of that
pain you need that an an aine or you're GNA go
nuts it's the way it is fantastic you want some thec let's go
not here not right we can't get all the ingredients by the way um I sent the
ingredients from galin to Hamilton maybe he will put something into his
calculator and figure something out to do with it um but a couple of those
plants you know they're not sure I know they found the sfum they found like a relative of syum or something so that's
possible um the lynian Earth will be a little bit hard to figure out you know
but we also need that's the thec right we also need the Black Death to make the
formula complete for the return of the
cup of Lady Babylon so we have the formula recipe right there you mean this
is not about this is hello this is not about fulfilling prophecy no no it's
about making it and the fact that you didn't know that that's what happened shows that you are not a Doos you are
not one who knows
yeah fantastic right gayen did you get it
here we go here we go okay let's go last um last uh I wanted you to see the ramen
side too I was I knew I was going to make fun of some Latin uh people people
interested in Latin the ancient language um anyway uh this is a Formula look at
the Top Line just look at that first word toxicum right yes this is we get our word toxic from this Greek roote and
the Romans because their language much like anglosaxon
crappy is not Advanced so they have to borrow ideas and terms right they're not
up at that level of sophistication yet I'm sorry and they to be honest they never really got there
you it's like why couldn't you no wonder they were building Huts
right come on that's Romulus and Remis you're talking about give me that was they got
everything from aeria right um who is she look her up here we go toxicum what
is it it's the poison on the arrows right it's the arrow poison what
we're not using it with arrows here we're not out in Warfare no what a what
who is this guy that's talking he's the first century physician this guy is exactly contemporary with Jesus
Christ exactly love it and what does he say he
says look this is for people who drink it you mean he's drinking the same th of
seon whoever this prescription is for that audience is drinking the same thing
that Jesus's Peeps are drinking if you're a Christian you would drink drink it too if you don't you are not and
apparently there's no more than 144,000 of you so put that name on your
head ah fantastic I didn't say they were here necessarily now right it's that you
bring them by the name you bring them into existence right we're not sitting
around looking for Jesus in the clouds that's the Evangelical opposite pole of
what the reality of the texts are the texts say you fulfill it you bring it
you mean this turned into some hippie manifestation no go home hippies do not
need apply fantastic know yourself that's the first
thing a hippie doesn't all right let's do it let's do it go to the next go to
the last one oh yeah um so here it is and I just want you look down oh it's
about four lines down yeah on the fourth line see where it says in the very middle of the
page yeah I love it furor right what is that it's Fury right furor mentis that's
your mind mentis and you know they're even stealing that from them too oh the
fear of the mind what do you get with the fear of the mind this is what the toxicum does and you know what it does
it causes you to talk in a way way that nobody understands you it puts you into
tongues are you ready you know what happens they put this on the arrows as they're fighting the Romans and when
they get hit with this stuff dudes start acting crazy and it takes more dudes to
restrain the one dude all of a sudden you're taking on whole groups of people
with this poison oh God gaylen's like look get it to the military right it's
got to be they got to know these thcs are good you can give a thec to a dude
that's just been hit by one of these arrows and he'll come out of it he won't be babbling blah blah blah speaking in
tongues what's that Roman soldier doing you realize that in Warfare they're making
[Laughter] Christians and every Christian out there who thinks that the world is a normal
Place says no brother that's only those charismatics let me tell you something
Christianity from the start was a crazy Mania inducing drug using child
trafficking business oh yeah can you feel it now now
the reality sets in and you look around you're like and then one dude from qanon is like I was right kind of
right because it's funny you see the switch they are all perverts but the one that you think is
the number one he's a he's one of them he's probably the biggest one that ever
was oh my God history is a sense of irony real taste for irony I love that
Cleo give me some of that your sugar is so sweet give me the next one last last
one and there we go people look it causes this craziness right and um
people are people are talking in tongues you can't understand what they're saying remember take it down remember what we
have is a road map what we have is a road map these sources they are evidence
of the actuality and now is our time to take
that back somebody took control of the narrative
and the history diverged it diverged from a real history to a fairy tale and
you and I are living in the radiation of that fairy
tale but the power of the name of
Rome is the adaman Freedom when you discover
her you will have the power of Rome thank you for coming
tonight hail
Satan
bur burning up for you
lavender hot purple pale
[Music]
[Music] s
he